README.md, before:

# Compositionality article class

The Compositionality article class is a community effort. It is maintained by the Executive Board with the help of the Editors of Compositionality - the open journal for the mathematics of composition.

This repository provides the `compositionalityarticle` class and a template for typesetting articles in Compositionality.
The class is derived from `article.cls', available from [CTAN](https://www.ctan.org/pkg/article). 
The class may be distributed and/or modified under the conditions of the LaTeX Project Public License, either version 1.3c of this license or (at your option) any later version.

## Contributing
If you find any bugs when using the article class or the template, please help us by opening a report in our bug-tracker under https://github.com/compositionality/latex-template/issues. 
Please reproduce the problem by providing the full source of a minimal working LaTeX file, as well as the log file showing the error. 

## Acknowledgements
This class is heavily based on the `quantumarticle' class for the journal https://quantum-journal.org. We thank the editors of Quantum for sharing their experiences and expertise.

Commit message:

move from makefile to l3build

README.md, after:

# Compositionality article class

The Compositionality article class is a community effort. It is maintained by the Executive Board with the help of the Editors of Compositionality - the open journal for the mathematics of composition.

This repository provides the `compositionalityarticle` class and a template for typesetting articles in Compositionality.
The class is derived from `article.cls', available from [CTAN](https://www.ctan.org/pkg/article). 
The class may be distributed and/or modified under the conditions of the LaTeX Project Public License, either version 1.3c of this license or (at your option) any later version.

## Contributing
If you find any bugs when using the article class or the template, please help us by opening a report in our bug-tracker under https://github.com/compositionality/latex-template/issues. 
Please reproduce the problem by providing the full source of a minimal working LaTeX file, as well as the log file showing the error. 

### Build system 

To build this package we use `l3build` from [CTAN](https://ctan.org/pkg/l3build).


```bash
l3build doc # builds documentation
l3build ctan # builds the package to upload on CTAN
l3build clean # removes build artifacts
```


## Acknowledgements
This class is heavily based on the `quantumarticle' class for the journal https://quantum-journal.org. We thank the editors of Quantum for sharing their experiences and expertise.
